Adding a CONTRIBUTING page (#2685)
dafny-lang/dafny: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contributing to Dafny

Dafny is an Open Source project and welcomes contributions.

Developers who would like to experiment with and perhaps modify Dafny source should note these resources:
- First, there are [resources to learn about Dafny as a user](https://dafny.org/dafny/).
- And note the [community Code of Conduct](https://github.com/dafny-lang/dafny/blob/master/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) expected of all participating in the project.

> - The Dafny project is at [github](https://github.com/dafny/dafny-lang) with related [sibling repositories](https://github.com/dafny).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Dafny project is at [github](https://github.com/dafny/dafny-lang) with related [sibling repositories](https://github.com/dafny-lang).
```

# Guidelines for Contributing to Dafny

Thanks for contributing to Dafny!  Github is the right place to discuss feature requests, report issues with Dafny, or contact the Dafny developers.
Dafny is an Open Source project and welcomes contributions.

## Reporting issues

Before reporting an issue here, consider whether it would be better handled in one of the following places:

- [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/dafny), an online Q&A website, for help with writing and proving Dafny programs.

> - [`dafny-lang/ide-vscode`](https://github.com/dafny-lang/ide-vscode), Dafny's VSCode plugin, for issues or feature requests specific to the plugin itself and issues with Dafny's LSP server.

Reviewer: Don't we still want to manage issues/requests for the LSP server here (as in the old version)?

Author: Ah - the original text was ambiguous (at least to me) and I clarified it in the wrong direction.

Author: Fixed.

- [`boogie-org/boogie-friends`](https://github.com/boogie-org/boogie-friends/), Dafny's Emacs mode, for Emacs-specific problems.
- [`boogie-org/boogie`](https://github.com/boogie-org/boogie), Dafny's intermediate verification language, for questions and issues specific to Boogie.

> Other issues can be reported to the [Dafny project](https://githubcom/dafny-lang/dafny/Issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other issues can be reported to the [Dafny project](https://github.com/dafny-lang/dafny/issues).
```

Please include your Dafny version number, any relevant code, and expected results in the issue report.

## Contributing to the source code

Developers who would like to experiment with and perhaps modify Dafny source should note these resources:
- First, there are [resources to learn about Dafny as a user](https://dafny.org/dafny/).
- And note the [community Code of Conduct](https://github.com/dafny-lang/dafny/blob/master/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) expected of all participating in the project.

> - The Dafny project is at [github](https://github.com/dafny-lang/dafny) with related [sibling repositories](https://github.com/dafny-lang).

Reviewer 2: Right, but how much does it differ from the exit code returned by the main method?

Author: OK...

- Instructions for compiling Dafny are on the [wiki](https://github.com/dafny-lang/dafny/wiki/INSTALL#building-and-developing-from-source-code)

> If you want to feed code changes for incorporation into the Dafny project, please note:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to propose code changes for the Dafny project, please note:
```

(just found this phrasing a bit awkward, feel free to ignore)

If your change is user-visible, then part of the PR should be corresponding changes to the
[`RELEASE_NOTES.md`](../RELEASE_NOTES.md) file and to the 
[Dafny Reference Manual](./docs/DafnyRef).

Any PR should have tests that check whether the bug-fix fixes the problem addressed or that the new functionality 
is properly working.

  - Dafny's integration tests are in [`Test`](../Test).  PRs that fix issues reported on GitHub should include a test in [`Test/git-issues/`](../Test/git-issues/).

    Each `.dfy` file in `Test/` is a test, with a  [`lit`](https://llvm.org/docs/CommandGuide/lit.html) header describing how to run it and a `.expect` file indicating the expected output.  See [`Test/README.md`](../Test/README.md) for more info on running Dafny' integration tests.

  - Dafny's unit tests are in various `*.Test` directories in [`Source`](../Source).

  Our CI is configured to run all tests when you create a PR.  To run tests locally, use `dotnet test Source/Dafny.sln` (but note that running the tests for our compiler backends requires installing lots of additional software).

> Pull Requests should be merged using 'Squash and merge' unless otherewise noted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull Requests should be merged using 'Squash and merge' unless otherwise noted.
```
